3. Credit Card
--------------------------------

1. Describe the problem
Currently, our bank staffs have to manually review the credit card applicants' profiles before any approval/rejection decision to issue the credit card. The evaluation process is very time-consuming and may further result in a bad reputation for our bank due to slow processing time.

2. Phrase the problem as a question to be answered using data
Can we automate the decision process of issuing a credit card to applicants based on their profiles or personal information?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Analytic Approach
As this problem is more like a "Yes/No" (Approve/Reject) problem, it will be analyzed using classification approach. A Logistic Regression model can be applied to address the problem by generating 'Yes/No' outcome.

2. Data Requirements
In order to build the model, we need extensive customer data, such as 
Age - in digit, i.e. 30;
Occupation - i.e. Scientist;
Company - i.e. IBM;
Annual salary - i.e. $ 50000;
Family status - i.e. 3 children;
Marital status - i.e. Married;
Health/illness status - i.e. High blood pressure;
Loan status - i.e. $30000 from XXX bank unpaid;
Credit history- i.e. a transaction record of $100000 with YYY bank;
Properties under name - i.e. 2 bungalows, 1 land with 2000 sqm²;
and etc.

3. Data Collection
The data can be sourced from the 
- Bank credit card applicants record
- Applicant's employer
- Government data department (for credit record/properties)
- Insurance claim record

4. Data Understanding and Preparation
Once data is obtained, the quality can be assessed by descriptive statistics or data visualization, whether there are missing values, invalid values, or pairwise correlations. I can understand the data by testing some hypotheses, i.e. applicant with annual salary of $ 100000 is approved, applicant with unpaid loans of $4000 is rejected and etc.
After that, I can start cleaning the data by removing duplicates and addressing missing & invalid values, i.e. age - 999, health status - dead etc. Of course, make the data into consistent format. Then, test our hypothesis again and redefine the "approval/rejection" criteria, i.e. salary $100000 but with unpaid loan of $40000 is rejected.
I can sort out the features that are most important to make an 'approval/rejection' decision, i.e. salary, loan, occupation before moving on to data modeling.

5. Modeling and Evaluation
At this stage, I can download and install external libraries to build the logistic regression model. After input the cleaned data from the previous stage to build the model, the 'model' can be visualised and analyse the result.
To evaluate the model, first phase, I will use diagnostic measure where the data is separated in 7:3 ratio, in which, 30% randomly selected data will be 'test set' while the remaining will be 'training set'. After the model is trained and tested with the test set, the result can be visualised using a matrix with 'Approved, Rejected' to evaluate the model performance. Type I and Type II errors where some applicants maybe misclassified.
Second phase, statistical significance is applied where ROC curve is used to find the optimal odel if the model is correct.
Note that the process is iterative and it may involve re-modelling with multiple algorithms.
Finally, after deployment, an applicant that fulfils the criteria in the model should have been given a decision - approve, or vice versa.